We just converted the off include into a class.
We've also got an include that contains this redirect function.
Let's do the same and convert this to a class to first will copy this function
and then create a new class file in the crisis folder called you an L duck p s p will add the class
definition and paste in the function.
Again this will be a public static method.
And finally in this class let's add a dot block at the top.
We're using the redirect function in several pages which we need to convert to use the new class now
first in the new article script.
Let's change to require to include the class instead and then add the class to the method call.
We'll do the same in the edit page.
First the require and then the method call.
Then the same in the delete page they require and then down here the method call
then will make the same changes in the in page.
Here and here and in the logout page
here in the require and here for the method call.
Let's make sure that everything still works.
First let's log in.
Then we'll create a new article.
We'll edit it.
And then delete it.
And finally will log out.
These are all redirect successfully so it's all still working.
As before.
And now we're no longer using the U R L include.
We can safely delete it.